GSoC 2022: Add project idea for the New Documentation site engine (#104)
keptn/community: mentorship/gsoc/2022/project-ideas.md

- Areas to study/improve: Golang, Java, Jenkins, Jenkins Pipelines
- Potential mentor(s): Oleg Nenashev

 <a name="keptn-documentation-website"></a>
### New Documentation site engine

> The current website version is pretty weak when it comes to maintaining multiple versions of the documentation like we have now.
> It requires a lot of copy paste and we don't want her to maintain that going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current authoring and build tools have serious deficiencies:
- No support for versioning, so we do a lot of copy/paste to preserve old versions of the documentation.  This causes xref issues from other docs that link into the documentation.
- Current tools do not support shared text between different docs
- markdown's xref'ing capabilities are weak
[3:33](https://keptn.slack.com/archives/D031MN1V509/p1645702412450219)
- markdown's support of inline comments  is weak
```

> We suggest using [Antora](https://antora.org/) that is specifically designed for managing documentation at scale.
> The biggest problem is that it targets Asciidoctor, and the support for Markdown is not perfect. 
> It will require some migration automation, e.g. with help of [Pandoc](https://pandoc.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We suggest using [Antora](https://antora.org/) that is specifically designed for managing documentation at scale
and convert the documentation source to Asciidoctor.
Antora provides limited support for Markdown source but markdown itself has deficiencies for a full documentation set.
This project requires some migration automation, e.g. with help of [Pandoc](https://pandoc.org/).
```

The scope of this project idea is to create the website engine, tooling and automation to enable the new documentation website.
The project would be done in collaboration with the Keptn documentation contributors,
and creating the documentation itself is **NOT** in the scope for the coding project.

Potential scope/deliverables:

- Automation that builds the site from multiple repositories using Antora.
  It includes scripting, GitHub Actions, and automated configuration management.
- GitHub workflows for continuous deployment of the website to Netlify and GitHub Pages

> - Nice2have: Implement previews for the website and support for staging changes (e.g. pre-release documentation)

Author: ```suggestion
- Nice2have: Implement previews for the website and support for staging changes (e.g. pre-release documentation).
```

> - Developer/Contributor documentation for the new engine, in collaboration with the documentation contributors

Author: ```suggestion
- Developer/Contributor documentation for the new engine, in collaboration with the documentation contributors.
```
